---
title: Obsidian mobile shenanigans and Future site updates
date: 2022-12-22
edited: 2024-04-10
tags:
  - legacy post
  - website
  - blog update
  - website redesign
  - obsidian
---
## Wow, Amy blog update!!1!11
I hope nothing breaks!!1!1!1

Let’s start with some future updates that I am going to make to the site.

## Cusdis? More like Deez nuts
I always wanted to have a comment system on my blog, so I can receive feedback and support from you guys (if someone actually reads the blog) in a more comfortable and efficient way.

Since the start of this blog, I used Cusdis, an open source discus alternative that is really new. But this approach doesn’t work, since I have to confirm comments manually and the theme support is basically non-existent.

So I have found a solution to this problem: Giscus

Giscus is GitHub discussions, but for comments. I liked GitHub discussions since it released and now that there is an alternative that uses it as a backend it pretty neat! In fact, a friend of mine uses it on her site, and it looks spotless!

Later tomorrow (or today) you will see Giscus instead of Cusdis as the comment frontend. Please note that Giscus uses GitHub OAuth, meaning that you need to have a GitHub account in order to comment on a post.

## Colours! (Or the lack of them, really)
As I said in the ”Getting Started” post, this blog uses a template as a base. It’s not original, and it looks really corporate looking (In my opinion).

So I want to bring a bit of life to this blog by adding more colours to the primary theme!

I also want to add light mode support, because there is always that one user who is using light mode 24/7 because they can’t see anything.

I will also redesign bits of the navigation bar and the footer to be more responsive (fuck mobile responsiveness) to smaller screen sizes.

## Obsidian on the go
Now onto talking about how I am writing all this recent blogs, mainly the last one and this one.

Obsidian is my go-to application for writing blogs, notes and task lists since it uses Markdown, and my blog uses Markdown too. So it’s just a pair made in heaven.

Obsidian’s markdown renderer and themes are really amazing, I recommend going over this post to know why I prefer using Obsidian over VS Code or any other markdown-based writing application.

### Git? On my phone?
Thanks to the “Obsidian Git” plugin, I can sync changes from my computer to my phone and vice Versa. Allowing me to write drafts on my phone, proofread and publish it on my laptop without any complications.

In fact, 90% of this article is written entirely on my phone, the other 10% is just me doing some small changes to add some ***✨ format ✨*** to it. Got an idea while doing something important? Draft it.

Using the draft feature in my blog, I can make a certain article not show until it’s marked as complete.

I don’t normally use them, since I get a blog post done in less than a day, so it’s not really an issue.

## When are the features are going to show up?

Whenever they are ready for production. I am feeling a bit depressed and I don’t want to overwork myself, so I don’t collapse a third time whilst adding things to my projects. Oh, also some fonts are going to change.

## Credits

Thanks to:

- Ashley for letting me use the ”Poketube Flex” font on my blog.
- Amy (not me!!) for the inspiration (Your designs are clean and modern, I like them a lot)
- Lea, because I don’t steal things without crediting the inspiration ;p

##### Editor's note

This blog post is quite outdated. The site no longer uses Poketube Flex, it uses Inter and IBM Plex Sans.

See [Website Redesign](/blog/xenon-redesign) for more information.
